very delicate
see it's a bit of a departure from the
kind of thing you normally play
what do you call this well this piece is
called a lick my love pump
[Music]
this is the loudest
most explosive band in heavy metal
history
this is spinal tap such a fine line
between stupid and clever
the funniest movie ever made about rock
and roll
[Applause]
he choked on vomit but i can't prove
whose vomit it was the monumental
classic there was a stone age monument
on the stage that was in danger of being
crushed
by a dwarf the makeup of your audience
seems to be
young boys oh it's a sexual thing really
we've got you know
armadillos and all trousers i mean it's
really quite frightening no
i was just pointing at it well don't
point sure i'd feel much worse if i want
under such heavy sedation
the numbers all go to 11. does that mean
it's
louder is it any louder well it's one
louder isn't it why don't you just make
louder and make 10 be the top number and
make that a little louder
these go to 11. this is spinal tap
[Music]